traverse -> neotraverse (#101)
es-tooling/module-replacements: docs/modules/traverse.md

# traverse

> traverse has 66 total transitive dependencies, is CJS-only and is projected to get bigger over time.

Reviewer: i wouldn't mention the exact number since it may change

```suggestion
traverse has many transitive dependencies, is CommonJS-only and is projected to get bigger over time.
```

# traverse

> Traverse and transform objects by visiting every node on a recursive walk.

Reviewer: This should instead be brief wording on why we need an alternative (e.g. "lighter alternatives exist")

```js

> var traverse = require('traverse');

Reviewer: We don't need an example here, only the individual replacements should really have one

var obj = [ 5, 6, -3, [ 7, 8, -2, 1 ], { f : 10, g : -13 } ];

traverse(obj).forEach(function (x) {
    if (x < 0) this.update(x + 128);
});

console.dir(obj);
```

# Alternatives

## neotraverse

Traverse and transform objects by visiting every node on a recursive walk. This is a fork and TypeScript rewrite of [traverse](https://github.com/ljharb/js-traverse) with 0 dependencies and major improvements:

> - 🤌 1.38KB min+brotli

Reviewer: I'm not sure the description needs to be this long. This info is better living in the project's own readme. We only need a short description here of how it relates to the original module

- 🚥 Zero dependencies
- 🎹 TypeScript. Throw away the `@types/traverse` package
- ❎ No polyfills
- 🛸 ESM-first
- 📜 Legacy mode supporting ES5

| Build   | ESM       | CJS | Browser | Node | Polyfills | Size              |
| ------- | --------- | --- | ------- | ---- | --------- | ----------------- |
| default | ✅ ES2022 |     | ✅      | ✅   | ❌        | 1.54KB min+brotli |
| modern  | ✅ ES2022 |     | ✅      | ✅   | ❌        | 1.38KB min+brotli |
| legacy  | ✅ ES5    | ✅  | ✅      | ✅   | ❌        | 2.73KB min+brotli |

```ts
import traverse from 'neotraverse';

const obj = { a: 1, b: 2, c: [3, 4] };

traverse(obj).forEach(function (x) {
  if (x < 0) this.update(x + 128);
});
```

[Project Page](https://github.com/puruvj/neotraverse)

> [NPM](https://npmjs.com/package/neotraverse)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[npm](https://npmjs.com/package/neotraverse)
```
